1;a;Which developer's idea to create himself a website do the clients think that the manager likes most?
1;b;Which developer's idea to create John a website do the clients think that the manager likes most?
1;c;Which innovative idea to create himself a website do the clients think that the manager likes most?
1;d;Which innovative idea to create John a website do the clients think that the manager likes most?
2;a;Which designer's strategy to design herself a logo do the stakeholders think that the programmer appreciates most?
2;b;Which designer's strategy to design Maria a logo do the stakeholders think that the programmer appreciates most?
2;c;Which creative strategy to design herself a logo do the stakeholders think that the programmer appreciates most?
2;d;Which creative strategy to design Maria a logo do the stakeholders think that the programmer appreciates most?
3;a;Which gardener's proposal to build himself a greenhouse do the supporters think that the worker values least?
3;b;Which gardener's proposal to build David a greenhouse do the supporters think that the worker values least?
3;c;Which ambitious proposal to build himself a greenhouse do the supporters think that the worker values least?
3;d;Which ambitious proposal to build David a greenhouse do the supporters think that the worker values least?
4;a;Which publisher's plan to write himself a book do the others reckon that the expert adores least?
4;b;Which publisher's plan to write George a book do the others reckon that the expert adores least?
4;c;Which well-crafted plan to write himself a book do the others reckon that the expert adores least?
4;d;Which well-crafted plan to write George a book do the others reckon that the expert adores least?
5;a;Which educator's approach to teach herself a skill do the administrators believe that the child favors least?
5;b;Which educator's approach to teach Alex a skill do the administrators believe that the child favors least?
5;c;Which effective approach to teach herself a skill do the administrators believe that the child favors least?
5;d;Which effective approach to teach Alex a skill do the administrators believe that the child favors least?
6;a;Which chef's plan to cook herself a meal do the customers believe that the critic values least?
6;b;Which chef's plan to cook Olivia a meal do the customers believe that the critic values least?
6;c;Which elaborate plan to cook herself a meal do the customers believe that the critic values least? 
6;d;Which elaborate plan to cook Olivia a meal do the customers believe that the critic values least?
7;a;Which developer's concept to create himself an app do the testers think that the user appreciates least?
7;b;Which developer's concept to create Mark an app do the testers think that the user appreciates least?
7;c;Which innovative concept to create himself an app do the testers think that the user appreciates least?
7;d;Which innovative concept to create Mark an app do the testers think that the user appreciates least?
8;a;Which architect's scheme to design herself a room do the builders guess that owner adores least?
8;b;Which architect's scheme to design Emily a room do the builders guess that owner adores least?
8;c;Which stylish scheme to design herself a room do the builders guess that owner adores least?
8;d;Which stylish scheme to design Emily a room do the builders guess that owner adores least?
9;a;Which trainer's agenda to teach himself a workout do the experts think that the coach values least?
9;b;Which trainer's agenda to teach Jack a workout do the experts think that the coach values least?
9;c;Which rigorous agenda to teach himself a workout do the experts think that the coach values least?
9;d;Which rigorous agenda to teach Jack a workout do the experts think that the coach values least?
10;a;Which enthusiast's design to build himself a PC do the gamers think that the fan appreciates least?
10;b;Which enthusiast's design to build Andrew a PC do the gamers think that the fan appreciates least?
10;c;Which customized design to build himself a PC do the gamers think that the fan appreciates least?
10;d;Which customized design to build Andrew a PC do the gamers think that the fan appreciates least?
11;a;Which linguist's suggestion to teach herself a language do the professors guess that the admin values least?
11;b;Which linguist's suggestion to teach Emma a language do the professors guess that the admin values least?
11;c;Which proven suggestion to teach herself a language do the professors guess that the admin values least?
11;d;Which proven suggestion to teach Emma a language do the professors guess that the admin values least?
12;a;Which producer's initiative to create herself a podcast do the pros reckon that the listener appreciates least?
12;b;Which producer's initiative to create Rachel a podcast do the pros reckon that the listener appreciates least?
12;c;Which compelling initiative to create herself a podcast do the pros reckon that the listener appreciates least?
12;d;Which compelling initiative to create Rachel a podcast do the pros reckon that the listener appreciates least?
13;a;Which professional's program to teach himself a technology do the clients think that the manager likes least?
13;b;Which professional's program to teach Michael a technology do the clients think that the manager likes least?
13;c;Which comprehensive program to teach himself a technology do the clients think that the manager likes least?
13;d;Which comprehensive program to teach Michael a technology do the clients think that the manager likes least?
14;a;Which entrepreneur's idea to start herself a business do the advisors believe that the lawyer appreciates most?
14;b;Which entrepreneur's idea to start Olivia a business do the advisors believe that the lawyer appreciates most?
14;c;Which feasible idea to start herself a business do the advisors believe that the lawyer appreciates most?
14;d;Which feasible idea to start Olivia a business do the advisors believe that the lawyer appreciates most?
15;a;Which planner's strategy to make himself a budget do the managers believe that the lawyer values most?
15;b;Which planner's strategy to make David a budget do the managers believe that the lawyer values most?
15;c;Which practical strategy to make himself a budget do the managers believe that the lawyer values most?
15;d;Which practical strategy to make David a budget do the managers believe that the lawyer values most?
16;a;Which landscaper's proposal to create herself a garden do the laborers think that the homeowner adores most?
16;b;Which landscaper's proposal to create Lily a garden do the laborers think that the homeowner adores most?
16;c;Which creative proposal to create herself a garden do the laborers think that the homeowner adores most?
16;d;Which creative proposal to create Lily a garden do the laborers think that the homeowner adores most?
17;a;Which carpenter's plan to build himself a shed do the friends believe that the contractor values most?
17;b;Which carpenter's plan to build Ethan a shed do the friends believe that the contractor values most?
17;c;Which sturdy plan to build himself a shed do the friends believe that the contractor values most?
17;d;Which sturdy plan to build Ethan a shed do the friends believe that the contractor values most?
18;a;Which artist's blueprint to paint herself a portrait do the curators think that the director appreciates most?
18;b;Which artist's blueprint to paint Sophia a portrait do the curators think that the director appreciates most?
18;c;Which realistic blueprint to paint herself a portrait do the curators think that the director appreciates most?
18;d;Which realistic blueprint to paint Sophia a portrait do the curators think that the director appreciates most?
19;a;Which mechanic's approach to buy himself a car do the owners think that the dealer favors most?
19;b;Which mechanic's approach to buy Aaron a car do the owners think that the dealer favors most?
19;c;Which reliable approach to buy himself a car do the owners think that the dealer favors most?
19;d;Which reliable approach to buy Aaron a car do the owners think that the dealer favors most?
20;a;Which coach's scheme to create herself a routine do the trainers guess that the fan values most?
20;b;Which coach's scheme to create Ava a routine do the trainers guess that the fan values most?
20;c;Which effective scheme to create herself a routine do the trainers guess that the fan values most?
20;d;Which effective scheme to create Ava a routine do the trainers guess that the fan values most?
21;a;Which musician's plan to teach himself an instrument do the conductors reckon that the listener appreciates most?
21;b;Which musician's plan to teach Caleb an instrument do the conductors reckon that the listener appreciates most?
21;c;Which clever plan to teach himself an instrument do the conductors reckon that the listener appreciates most?
21;d;Which clever plan to teach Caleb an instrument do the conductors reckon that the listener appreciates most?
22;a;Which woodworker's design to make herself a table do the artists think that the manager values most?
22;b;Which woodworker's design to make Chloe a table do the artists think that the manager values most?
22;c;Which expert design to make herself a table do the artists think that the manager values most?
22;d;Which expert design to make Chloe a table do the artists think that the manager values most?
23;a;Which specialist's suggestion to remodel herself a kitchen do the designers believe that the owner adores most?
23;b;Which specialist's suggestion to remodel Elizabeth a kitchen do the designers believe that the owner adores most?
23;c;Which expert suggestion to remodel herself a kitchen do the designers believe that the owner adores most?
23;d;Which expert suggestion to remodel Elizabeth a kitchen do the designers believe that the owner adores most?
24;a;Which jeweler's initiative to create himself a necklace do the girls think that the man values most?
24;b;Which jeweler's initiative to create George a necklace do the girls think that the man values most?
24;c;Which unique initiative to create himself a necklace do the girls think that the man values most?
24;d;Which unique initiative to create George a necklace do the girls think that the man values most?